My name is Jimmy Novak.
God has chosen me
for a higher purpose.
You can never
be with your family.
Castiel.
promise my family will be okay.
and I'll do it.
Daddy?
I am not your father.
Castiel. you took everything
from me.
- Who is this girl?
- Claire Novak.
Claire's troubled.
She needs a father.
She's got issues.
Because of me.
First. I lose my first dad...
And then I lose my second.
Who killed them and trashed
my life? Dean Winchester.
We'll take care of him
so he won't bother you anymore.
Uhh!
No!
Where's your mother?
She went to go "find herself."
You promised. Cass!
I have a responsibility
to help you.
I still gotta go it alone.
but I could maybe call
sometimes.
Aah! No!
Dean's in trouble.
He's not getting better.
Aah!
Mother says the Mark is just a curse.
It can be removed.
If there's a cure. we'll do it
and deal with
the consequences later.
I can't lose you.
Amelia?
Amelia?!
Jimmy?
Is it...you?
Castiel is gone. It's me.
Sorry. I'm so sorry. I never --
I looked everywhere for you.
I thought I lost you again.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's...
I'm home now.
What's happening?
How's our girl?
How's Claire?
No!
Not again! No!
- Shh. Shh.
- No!  No!
Shh. Shh.
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh.
You're safe. Amelia.
You're home.
Amelia?
Amelia?!
Jimmy?
Is it...you?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry I left.
I looked everywhere
for you.
♪
♪ Supernatural 10x20 ♪
Angel Heart
Original Air Date on April 29. 2015
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪ gonna catch that train
at midnight ♪
♪ I don't care where it goes ♪
The hell you think you're doing
in here?
♪
Come on.
it's my birthday tomorrow.
How old you gonna be? 12?
Hmm.
♪ Well. I once had me
a good life ♪
More like 50.
I'm looking for a guy
named Ronnie Cartwright.
He's supposed to be a regular
around here.
♪ And my blues
is gettin' darker ♪
♪ Oh. lord. I think these blues
have been turned black ♪
Ronnie Cartwright?
♪ Yeah. they have ♪
Whatever you're selling.
I ain't buyin'. sweetheart.
I need your help. Ronnie.
I'm trying to track
somebody down.
♪ And if you're not
one of them ♪
♪
I ain't never seen her before
in my life.
Her name's Amelia.
She's been missing
for a few years.
but according to her diary.
she was supposed
to meet up with you.
I ain't never met her.
You were gonna introduce her
to some miracle worker.
Look. I don't know what the hell
you're talking about.
I don't know that lady.
And I for damn sure don't know
some miracle worker.
If I did. you think I'd be
in a dump like this?
Now piss off.
Go back to
your Girl Scout troop.
She's my mother.
I don't care.
Can you just take another look?
I mean. maybe --
I told you. I ain't never
seen her before.
Now I better never see you
again.
♪
I told you to stay
the hell away from me.
You were the last person
to speak to my mom.
I need to find her.
I don't know Amelia Novak.
You got it?
I never told you
her last name.
Wait!
Uhh!
Come on.
9-1-1. what is your emergency?
Um. yeah. found some girl
passed out in the alley.
uh. uh. by Susie's bar
on Overland.
We'll send an ambulance
right away. sir.
Can you tell me
if she's still breathing?
- Thanks for coming.
- Yeah. of course.
Cass. look. we're always
glad to help.
but Claire and I aren't exactly
on the best of terms.
I mean.
should I even be here?
I need help from both of you.
You were both troubled teens.
You speak her language.
All right. How is she?
Well. I-I haven't gone in yet.
I was waiting for backup.
B-backup?
Mm.
Huh.
Three men and a lady.
Let's do this.
What are you doing here?
And why the hell
did you bring him?
Awesome.
Um. the -- the police found
my number
in your emergency contact list.
Yeah. well...
That was a mistake.
You can go now.
Claire...
Why were you at a bar?
I wasn't.
Claire. what were you doing
in an alley outside of a bar?
Wrong place. wrong time.
Story of my life.
Look. we're not leaving
until you tell us
what the hell really happened.
So if you want us gone...
Talk.
I was looking for my mom.
I wanna find my mom and tell her
she ruined my life.
Your mom didn't --
She left me.
and so did my dad.
But Jimmy's gone. right?
Has it easy up in heaven.
So...Mom's the only one left
I can tell off.
When's the last
anybody heard from your mom?
Um...
When I was living with
my grandmother.
she used to send me
postcards.
This is the last one.
I got it just before
my grandma died.
Two years ago.
Nobody's heard from her since.
It was sent from a motel
here in town.
That's where
I've been crashing.
I was at Susie's bar looking for
a loser named Ronnie Cartwright.
Mom's diary said
she was gonna meet him
around the time
she disappeared.
Before he knocked me down.
he remembered her name.
He knows something.
Why was Amelia looking for him?
She went looking
for miracles.
She went looking for you.
This is all my fault.
You know. Cass. say it is.
What can you do about it?
Find Amelia.
She did disappear
trying to hunt down an angel.
Might be a case.
Yeah. but we don't know that.
Close enough. Come on. give me
something to punch already.
I'm kidding. I'm fine.
I'm just...I'm fine.
Why don't we go back to the bar.
see if we can track down
this Ronnie guy. huh?
Yeah.
We should let Claire know
where we're going first.
Perfect.
Hey.
Damn it. Well...
She either went looking
for Ronnie again or. uh --
Yeah. or she went to go grab her
stuff before taking off again.
Well. she's got a concussion.
Maybe that'll slow her down.
All right.
I'll head to the motel.
Y'all check out the bar.
Hey. Cass. listen.
what you're doing for Claire
and helping her find
her mom...
It's good.
It's a good thing.
But?
Well. where does it end?
I'm not trying to be a dick.
but truth is.
you're not her dad.
In fact. you're not anything
to her
expect a-a constant reminder
of someone that's gone.
No. I'm...
Responsible for everything
that's happened to her.
Look. I'm just saying.
she's been surviving on her own
for quite a while now.
and -- and then
partly because
she doesn't have anybody
to answer to.
You know. there's...
There's nobody
holding her back.
We just found her
in a hospital.
You telling me that
she'd be better off on her own?
I'm saying she might be stronger
on her own.
♪
♪ for all those
pretty things ♪
Yeah! What's the rush. huh?
Heading out to beat down
another teenager?
That bitch attacked me!
Poor choice of words. pal.
Now...Amelia Novak.
Where is she?
No?
Uhh!
Dean.
Listen. Ronnie. what do you say. huh?
We could do this all day.
unless you wanna tell me
everything you know
about Amelia.
Okay. Okay.
I met Amelia.
But she was the last one.
I swear.
Last one of what?
I worked for a faith healer.
No. he was the real deal.
Hey. I was blind.
He healed me.
Give us a name.
Now!
Peter Holloway.
Okay.
Yeah. after he gave me
my sight back. I...
Well. me made me work for him
as...payment.
I-I-I recruited candidates.
Yeah. he had...
A specific type.
Young but. uh...
Lost.
Wouldn't be missed.
Amelia was one of
these "candidates"?
Some people. he healed.
But others. he. uh...
Oh. man.
Look. I saw him one night.
It looked like he was. uh...
I don't know -- I don't know how
to describe it. but he was...
He tied one of 'em up and...
He -- he -- he was. uh...
cutting on them.
Look. after that. I was done.
Okay? I quit.
I haven't heard from Holloway
since.
Took you long enough.
How did you...
Also. you checked in
under the name "Claire Novak."
A little pro-tip?
Use an alias.
Okay.
Claire. we just wanna help.
I didn't ask for your help.
You know. this is good.
I was impressed.
How did you get
the information that...
It's mostly empty promises
and regret. but...
There were enough bread crumbs
to get me here.
How did you get
your mom's diary?
The motel manager
sent mom's stuff
to her last known address
after she disappeared.
It bounced around.
eventually found its way to me
at one of the foster homes.
You came all this way
just to tell her off?
You always get along
with your mom?
Never got the chance
to find out.
My mom died
when I was a baby.
I'm -- I'm sorry. I didn't --
Oh. no. it's okay. I-i got
to know her later in life.
And. yeah.
I suppose we got along okay.
What?
In this line of work.
death isn't always good-bye.
This is different.
My mom left me.
"Claire. I'll be home soon.
We'll be home soon."
Doesn't sound like somebody
who wanted to abandon you.
Did you check
her credit cards?
They wouldn't send me
her records.
Okay. I know you need to be
somewhere far away
from all of us.
but let me get my laptop.
I'll teach you how to hack
into her credit card records.
It'll help you get a lead
on your mom.
Show me. but then I'm gone.
Hey. listen.
I don't think these guys
snooping around are F.B.I.
You know. I-I think they're --
they're hunters.
I-I'm sorry.
I-I wanted to give you
the heads up.
Wouldn't need a heads up
if you kept your mouth shut.
Ronnie.
Hey. come on.
Don't you see that?
Come on. No. W--
my eyes! Come on. man!
I can't see!
Uhh!
There we go.
Seriously? It's that easy?
Yes.
I can also show you how to
set up fake credit cards.
It will make life on the road
a lot easier.
You guys are
credit card scammers. too?
Yeah. Hunting monsters doesn't
exactly pay the bills.
Then why do you do it?
To help people.
make a difference.
That's it?
That's not enough?
Are you all right?
Yeah. I will be when nobody ever
asks me that again.
You guys find Ronnie?
Yeah.
Yeah. he gave up a name --
Peter Holloway.
Said he was a faith healer.
So...What? You thinking angel?
Maybe. but it sounded like
he has healed some people.
but he may have
fed off others.
Yeah. that's weird.
All right. let's look into
this Peter Holloway guy.
Claire. um...
Happy Birthday.
Um...
I got it at
the hot topical.
Right.
Um...Thanks. I guess.
Whoa.
Just got an alert
from local P.D.
Ronnie's body was just found
outside of Susie's bar.
You were just supposed
to talk to Ronnie.
What did you do to him?
I didn't lay a hand on him.
Dean. that isn't exactly true.
I didn't kill the guy.
All right. I'm gonna suited up
and head back over there.
I'm coming with you.
I'm coming with you. too.
You wanna get in on this?
No. I-I should probably
stay here and research Holloway.
Right.
Hey. Cass?
What happened at the bar?
Dean snapped.
He's getting worse.
Officer?
Agents Clapton and Page.
And your little friend?
Oh. Uh...Yeah.
It's "bring your daughter
to work" day at the Bureau.
Uh. Vic was a. uh.
person of interest
in a missing persons case.
What do you got?
Stab wound. Clean through.
No sign of robbery.
Wallet and everything
was still on his person.
What are the red marks there
on the point of entry?
Burn marks. maybe.
don't know.
We pulled
his cell phone records.
He made two calls to the same
number prior to the attack.
Tried the number.
but the line's dead now.
Probably a burner.
Mm.
Will you excuse me?
Yeah.
Sheriff Coltrane. Uh-huh.
The wound looks like
an angel blade.
but the point of entry
is wider.
Can't explain those marks.
Best birthday ever.
Okay. all right. come here.
Hey. I. uh. got a lead
on Peter Holloway.
Oh. good. 'cause he's probably
about to split town.
Ronnie made a few phone calls
before he got shish kebabed.
You think to give Holloway
a heads up?
If he did. that's probably
what got him killed.
So...We gotta track him down
before he bails.
Great.  Well.
according to county records.
Holloway owns a farmhouse
about 30 or 40 miles from here.
so I. uh. cross-referenced it
with Amelia's
credit card receipts.
The house is about
right there.
and she's been hitting up
Biggersons and Gas n' Sips
all around the area.
Probably staking the place out.
Exactly.
Well. what are we waiting for?
Let's go.
Claire. you are not
going out there.
She's my mother.
That house could be empty
and it could be a trap.
It's too dangerous. I can't
let anything happen to you.
Anything else. you mean.
Claire. you're not going.
You're not either. Dean.
What?
Back at the bar with Ronnie?
Oh. come on. Cass.
He wasn't gonna talk. I just...
Helped him talk.
Dean. Cass is right.
We need to keep the Mark
in check.
And we don't know
what's out there.
You know.
maybe you should...
Maybe you should stay here.
So you wanna bench me again?
Hmm.
All right. Fine.
I'll stay and babysit.
But if anything happens.
anything at all...
Yeah. we'll call you.
No fighting.
Yeah. tell her that.
Both of you.
♪
Can I have one?
Like you never had a beer
before you were 21.
All right. You know what?
If we stay cooped up in
this motel room all night long.
I'm gonna lose my mind.
Spoiler alert --
you already have.
That's...
Come on.
Let's go.
When this is over.
should I...
Should I leave Claire alone?
What? No. man. She's family.
Well. I mean.
she's not exactly family.
but she's close enough.
I mean. you two have history.
Simple as that.
So do you think
she's better off on her own?
Cass. she just turned 18.
You were alone when you left
for college at that age.
weren't you?
Yeah. but that's different.
How. Sam?
Here's all I know --
going it alone.
that's no way to live.
You being there for her.
even if she thinks she doesn't
want you to be there for her.
that's good for both of you.
Maybe. in the end.
In the end.
It's in the hole!
Bill Murray?
"Caddyshack."
It's a classic.
Never seen it. Not a fan.
How dare you.
You done?
Yeah. I'm done.
I'm done with
your whole generation.
Did you -- did you see that?
Did that go in the hole?
I wasn't watching.
Did the ball go in the hole?
"Happy Gilmore."
Well played.
Thank you. Mm.
Yep.
Did that go in?
It looks abandoned.
Only one way to find out.
This is what you guys do?
Stay at cheap motels.
steal credit cards...
Play mini-golf?
Actually. we haven't played
mini-golf in a while.
But. uh...
Yeah.
That about sums it up.
You take the barn.
I'll take the house.
We help people.
At least. we try to.
Like. uh.
Castiel helped my dad?
Claire. what happened
to your dad...
I'm sorry. okay?
I really am.
But. uh. there's something
you gotta know.
Your dad's sacrifice
was not meaningless.
Yeah. he gave up his body.
his -- his vessel.
And because he did that.
Cass...
Cass was able
to save the world.
The world.
Your father's a hero.
He did not die in vain.
Last hole.
Already?
Yeah. See?
They take your ball
on the last one.
Drop it in the bottom
like so.
You okay?
You're not stroking out.
are you?
The red marks.
What red marks?
Claire. you're a genius.
Come on. let's go.
What?
Wait. Why am I a genius?
So this is hunting?
Homework?
Cass said that Ronnie's wound
looked like an angel blade.
but the red marks didn't
match up with an angel blade.
But if it was an angel sword.
that would explain the size
of the wound and the red marks.
'Cause a sword would
have a hilt on it.
which could cause the --
the marks.
You got all that
from a putter?
♪
Is -- is this what you mean?
Grigori.
The watcher angels.
So are they good or bad?
Well. some of the lore says that
they. uh. they help people.
and some says that
they prey on people.
So...Keep digging.
Amelia.
Jimmy?!
Oh.
Jimmy!
Amelia.
I looked everywhere for you!
It's okay.
I tried to find you!
No. Hey. hey.
Hey.
You took my husband!
Shh. Shh. It's okay.
It's okay.
Uhh!
Cass isn't answering
his phone either.
I don't understand.
Grigori angels went rogue?
Started feeding on people?
Why?
Don't know. don't care.
I'm heading over to Holloway's
to end that son of a bitch.
Yeah. let me guess.
You want me to stay here?
Happy Birthday.
Don't shoot me.
Let's go.
Sorry.
I'm usually able to heal
any wound. You...
I was dreaming.
This whole time.
I was dreaming...
of finding Jimmy.
of putting my family
back together.
You're not him anymore.
I can tell.
No.
Where's Jimmy?
Your husband is in heaven.
Amelia. I promised
to protect your family.
and I failed.
Not if Claire's alive.
She's all that matters.
Claire is alive.
She's grown up to be
a very strong-willed
young woman.
Oh. that's my girl.
I just -- I shouldn't have
ever left her.
I-I thought
if I could find Jimmy.
I would make everything right.
But I should've never left her.
I shouldn't --
I shouldn't...
It's okay.
Huh.
You must be Holloway.
For the last 50 years or so.
yes.
Before that.
I was a Jenkins.
And before that. a Miller.
My real name is Tamiel.
I'm a Grigori.
A watcher angel.
Since when do angels
feed on humans?
Since the dawn of man.
What are you talking about?
Your souls...
Are little slices of heaven
that are. if properly kept.
delicious meals
that can last for years.
decades even.
You're not an angel.
You're a monster.
Ahh.
I prefer to think of myself
as a gourmand.
I make heaven
a place on earth.
Keeps me alive and hidden
from the rest of the failures
that call themselves angels.
Oh. they are failures?
Yeah. 'cause you're living
so large in your own life.
There were hundreds of us.
but now...
Each of our names
inscribed on our swords.
A brotherhood of perfectly
crafted. engineered beings
sent to protect
you pathetic.
bottom-feeding disasters.
All right.
let's stick together.
First the barn.
then the house.
If you have to shoot.
aim for the chest.
It won't drop an angel.
but it'll slow him down.
Got it?
Yeah.
Are they...
I don't know.
We will get them help.
How long have I been
like this?
Two years.
Dean.
Claire?
I'm so sorry.
Baby. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry!
Okay.  Okay.
Let's go find Sam.
Claire. hey.
Oh.
Listen to me.
Stay here. okay?
Do not move.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you. both.
Hey. Mom.
Mommy.
Cass.
What the hell happened?
Listen. Holloway is a...
Grigori.
Grigori?
Yes.
No.
They were some of
the first angels on earth.
It was an elite unit
that went bad.
But they're -- they're extinct.
They were destroyed.
Well. no. some survived.
And they've been hunting humans.
making them create heavens
in their minds
and feeding off them.
Where is this abomination?
I don't know. I looked
everywhere. He must've left.
Mom. Come on.
Mom. you have to
stay with me. okay?
Come on. Stand up.
Mom. it's gonna be okay.
Okay.
Thank you. sweetheart.
Yeah.
You know there's no fixing her.
right?
You really think
that's gonna hurt
an angel of the Lord?
No!
Aah!
Mom! Mom!
Mom!
No!
Uhh!
Mom? Mommy.
please stay with me. okay?
Mom?
Mom. Mom. Mom.
Mom.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Mom. I'm sorry.
Amelia.
Jimmy?
Is it really you?
Is this...
It's heaven.
I...waited for you
for so long. I...
How was she?
How's Claire?
Oh. Jimmy.
she grew up so beautiful.
She's so strong.
Like her mom.
I love you.
I love you. too.
So. what?
This is some sort of
halfway house for wayward girls?
No. Not at all.
Jody Mills is good people.
and she'll give you
a place to crash
until you get
back on your feet.
It's not forever. right?
What are you gonna do
about Claire?
It's not up to me.
You said sometimes death isn't
always good-bye. right?
So good-byes aren't always
forever.
Right.
Take care of yourself. Claire.
I felt bad about taking
the gun back. so...
Thanks.
But I don't think I'm interested
in any more homework.
Huh.
Do you honestly think
I didn't see you take this?
Really?
I'll just put this in here.
You know. Claire...
You already got your revenge.
You go down this path --
our path...
It's not a long life.
I don't know.
You seem pretty old.
Thanks.
Listen...
What I did. setting you up.
um...
I'm sorry. I just -- I shouldn't --
Forget it.
It's in the past.
♪
Are you gonna be okay?
Me?
I don't know.
But I will keep fighting.
I'll keep swinging
until I got nothing left.
Will you keep an eye on him?
He's been through enough.
So have you.
Claire. do your homework before
you do anything stupid. okay?
And we're here if you need us.
any time.
I'll get you loaded up.
Um. Claire.
If you. um. if you...
need anything.
ever. I'm -- I'm --
just wanted you to
know that...
♪ In the twilight glow
I seen her ♪
♪ blue eyes crying in the rain ♪
♪ When we kissed good-bye ♪
Someone just tell me
she's gonna be okay.
Yeah. Cass. Of course.
She'll be okay.
♪ Meet again ♪
So will you.
Going home
or leaving home?
♪ Love is like ♪
Just...going.
♪ a dying ember ♪
♪ and only memories remain ♪
♪ and through the ages
I'll remember ♪
♪ blue eyes crying in the rain ♪
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man